So, here is some starter code to help you with the quiz.
Let's get all the unique sector codes,
then use the double equal comparison operator
to check when the sector code equals a particular value.
This returns a series of true-false Boolean values.
For some functions that we'll use later in a later lesson,
it's easier to work with integers,
with numbers, instead of Booleans.
So, we can also convert these true-false Booleans into integers.
So, true would become one,
and false would become zero.
So here, if you were to look at, oops sorry.
I'm going to add a new cell here.
If we were to look at the DataFrame all_factors and grab the column sector code,
I'm just going to look at a couple of rows.
You can see here that each ticker has a sector code category associated with it.
So, we just want to get all the unique values of that,
so we can actually just pass it through the set constructor, okay?
And we'll use all of them.
So, these are all the values that the sector code takes on, okay?
So here, we're going to set that to this variable.
We're also going to practice using the equals operator.
So what this does is it says,
when that sector code is equal to zero,
then true, otherwise false.
So you can see here this is true, false.
Actually, I could just print this out just to make it more clear.
From zero to five,
you can see that when a category is zero, then it's true.
When it's zero, it's true.
When it's not zero,
then it's false, okay?
Also as I mentioned,
it will be easier later on,
so we'll do this now, to convert the Booleans into integers.
So we'll use astype.
So now, true becomes one,
and false becomes zero, okay?